your primary objective on each level is
to eliminate the areas occupying Terran
or alien foes but along the way you will
need to accomplish other objectives as
well discovering and conquering power
station sectors technology upgrade
sectors or beam gate key sectors is
essential to victory power station
sectors appear in your map window as an
energy symbol when a power station
sector has been conquered your host
station will absorb its energy
technology upgrade sectors appear in
your map window as a Sigma symbol when a
technology upgrade sector has been
conquered you will be rewarded with a
variety of shielding weaponry building
or vehicle upgrades
being gate key sectors appear on your
map window as a flashing red symbol when
all beam gate key sectors on a level
have been conquered the levels beam gate
platform will open allowing your passage
to the next theater of battle to conquer
a power station sector technology
upgrade sector or beam gate key sector
first deploy squadrons to that sector
fire several shots onto the sector
ground or at the structure to claim it
the sector will turn blue in your map
window when overtaking discovering and
conquering undeclared power station
sectors is necessary to obtain greater
energy your Concord power stations
energy output is dependent on its
surrounding emission area the more
sectors you conquer that are adjacent to
your power station the greater the
energy output of your host station
conquering numerous sectors adjacent to
your power station will provide an
enormous output of energy
to achieve the optimal power absorption
teleport your host station directly
above or as near to the power station as
possible to teleport your host station
first select your host station in either
the map window or the squadron manager
then click anywhere in the map window or
3d world and your host station will
instantly teleport to that destination
in most cases teleport range is limited
only by available energy beaming to a
conquered power station no matter how
far is free when all being gate key
sectors on a level have been conquered
the beam gate platform will open
allowing you to transfer to the next
level of battle
teleporting your host station to the
beam gate platform will initiate this
transfer therefore in order that your
squadrons not be left behind
you should always send them to the beam
gate platform first and only then
teleport your host station over this
will initiate beaming of your entire
Armada to the next level resistance
forces have established secret training
sanctuaries your third training target
is an unconquered battle zone your
mission deploy squadrons locate the
power station conquer it and all
surrounding sectors and exit the level
by opening and passing through the beam
gate platform prepare for simulation